Breadboard Utilities
====================
This is a collection of utilities in the form of PCBs mounted on a breadboard,
which distributes power to each. I've used them for testing and development
over the last few years.

These are being released at your own risk, with no warranty or support, and
while they have been useful to me, New Systems Instruments does not warrant
their usefulness or fitness for any particular purpose or any other implied
warranty.

If you need help, please post in one of the usual public forums (discord, mw,
etc.) and @ me. I'm a helpful kind of human, so I might respond, but
unfortunately these aren't commercial products and I can't commit to always
giving support.

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
International License. To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ or send a letter to Creative
Commons, PO Box 1866, Mountain View, CA 94042, USA.

A few things in here are the work of others, and AFAIK are freely
distributable and compatible with that license, but these retain their
original terms of distribution. I do not consider this a relicensing or any
alteration significant enough to claim some part of copyright on those files.

Since the DIY community is often considerate of personal wishes beyond the
official legal requirements, know that I'm perfectly happy for anyone who
wishes to build these for any purpose, personal commercial or otherwise, to
produce and distribute them to others, to fork the repository and offer
improvements, etc., as long as the terms of the above license are met. If
you're doing something that I might think is neat, or that I might want to
tell other people about, get in touch.

See the individual Read Me files for more details on each board.

Breadboard Compatibility
------------------------
This works with common 0.1" pitch breadboards. Note that AFAIK there is no
fixed standard for breadboards, so there is no guarantee it will work with any
particular breadboard. The most common incompatibility I've seen is where the
rail pins are not aligned with the main pins of the breadboard.

The power is put on the rails as follows:

-12 GND ... GND +12

As I have not seen any standard breadboard which is labeled this way, it is
recommended that you write over the +/- symbols on your breadboard with a
permanent marker to avoid confusion.

Some General Notes on Parts and Assembly
----------------------------------------
Distributors and part numbers are listed on each BOM, but none of this is
sacred; use your good sense to make substitutions as appropriate. In
particular, you might just want to buy some strips of breakable pin headers
rather than a bunch of different lengths.

In soldering these together, it's probably best to first solder the mounting
pins. I did this with the pins inserted in the breadboard, to make up for any
misalignments, but if you do that be careful not to put too much heat in and
melt the breadboard.
